docs:Getting Started Guide (#99)
thoth-tech/handbook: docs/company/getting-started.md

> #Getting Started at Thoth Tech

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting Started at Thoth Tech
```
Rendering fix

# Getting Started at Thoth Tech

Welcome to Thoth Tech!

If you are reading this Getting Started Guide, then you have just enrolled in the Thoth Tech Company and we welcome you! 

This guide is a place to introduce you to the company and all the resources availible to help get you onboarded, introduce you to the comapny and products, and skilled up to tackle the Trimester ahead.

> ##Who are we?

Reviewer: Reminder: space in between words and #

> The best place to start to familiarise yourself with Thoth Tech is the [company charter](docs/company/../../charter.md). This is an important guide for understanding the mission and values of the company which informs the way that the company runs and is crucial to ensuring your experience is the best it can be.

Reviewer: Slight reword:

```suggestion
The best place to start to familiarise yourself with Thoth Tech is the [company charter](docs/company/../../charter.md). This is important for understanding the mission and values of the company which inform the way the company runs. Understanding and employing this charter is crucial to ensuring your, and others, experience is the best it can be.
```

##What are our products?

> Thoth Tech currently maintains and develops three external products. [OnTrack](docs/product/ontrack/ontrack.md), [SplashKit](docs//../../products/splashkit/splashkit.md) and [DreamBig](docs/product/dreambig/dreambig.md). Thoth Tech also has one internal product that is being worked on currently, called Internal Systems.

Reviewer: Incomplete sentence.

```suggestion
Thoth Tech currently maintains and develops three external products: [OnTrack](docs/product/ontrack/ontrack.md), [SplashKit](docs//../../products/splashkit/splashkit.md) and [DreamBig](docs/product/dreambig/dreambig.md). Thoth Tech also has one internal product that is being worked on currently, called Internal Systems.
```

##Projects

> Before you complete your onboarding form, it is recommended that you have a look at the final [Company Report](ENTER LINK HERE) from T1 2022. This will give you a good sense of what projects are currently being worked on, what skils they require, and what is needing to be completed this trimester. Please note, there may be new projects availible to be started this trimester.

Reviewer: Slight reword and typos:

```suggestion
Before you complete your onboarding form, it is recommended that you have a look at the final [Company Report](ENTER LINK HERE) from T1 2022. This will give you context around the projects that are currently in development, the skills required, and what is to be complete this trimester. _Please note:_ this will not include new projects available this trimester.
```

# Getting Started at Thoth Tech

Welcome to Thoth Tech!

If you are reading this Getting Started Guide, then you have just enrolled in the Thoth Tech Company and we welcome you!

> This guide is a place to introduce you to the company and all the resources availible to help get you onboarded, introduce you to the comapny and products, and skilled up to tackle the Trimester ahead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide is a place to introduce you to the company and all the resources available to help get you onboarded, introduce you to the company and products, and skilled up to tackle the Trimester ahead.
```

## Who are we?

The best place to start to familiarise yourself with Thoth Tech is the [company charter](docs/company/../../charter.md). This is important for understanding the mission and values of the company which inform the way the company runs. Understanding and employing this charter is crucial to ensuring your, and others, experience is the best it can be.

## What are our products?

> Thoth Tech currently maintains and develops three external products: [OnTrack](docs/product/ontrack/ontrack.md), [SplashKit](docs//../../products/splashkit/splashkit.md) and [DreamBig](docs/product/dreambig/dreambig.md). Thoth Tech also has one internal product that is being worked on currently, called Internal Systems.

Reviewer 2: OnTrack and DreamBig links are broken

## Projects

> Before you complete your onboarding form, it is recommended that you have a look at the final [Company Report](ENTER LINK HERE) from T1 2022. You can also have a look at previous reports in this folder. This will give you a good sense of what projects are currently being worked on, what skills they require, and what is needing to be completed this trimester. Please note, there may be new projects availible to be started this trimester.

Reviewer 2: Company report missing link

> Before you complete your onboarding form, it is recommended that you have a look at the final [Company Report](ENTER LINK HERE) from T1 2022. You can also have a look at previous reports in this folder. This will give you a good sense of what projects are currently being worked on, what skills they require, and what is needing to be completed this trimester. Please note, there may be new projects availible to be started this trimester.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you complete your onboarding form, it is recommended that you have a look at the final [Company Report](ENTER LINK HERE) from T1 2022. You can also have a look at previous reports in this folder. This will give you a good sense of what projects are currently being worked on, what skills they require, and what is needing to be completed this trimester. Please note, there may be new projects available to be started this trimester.
```

## Onboarding

> Now that you have familiarised yourself with the comapny, products and existing projects - the next step is for you to fill out the onboarding form so that your Senior Leadership team can allocate you a project to work on. The link for this onboarding form can be found [here](ENTER LINK HERE).

Reviewer 2: Onboarding form missing link

> Now that you have familiarised yourself with the comapny, products and existing projects - the next step is for you to fill out the onboarding form so that your Senior Leadership team can allocate you a project to work on. The link for this onboarding form can be found [here](ENTER LINK HERE).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you have familiarised yourself with the company, products and existing projects - the next step is for you to fill out the onboarding form so that your Senior Leadership team can allocate you a project to work on. The link for this onboarding form can be found [here](ENTER LINK HERE).
```

## Training

> You should now be onboarded, so the next step while you wait to be allocated to your project is to familiarise yourself with the training and support materials that have been created so far. You should now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should now be onboarded, so the next step while you wait to be allocated to your project is to familiarise yourself with the training and support materials that have been created so far.
```

The first place to start would be with the [Communication](docs/../../communication/index.md) folder. This currently contains detailed information on how to communicate professionally, how to provide and receive fearless feedback, some information about how to provide recognition to others and a writing style guide.

> There are also a variety of other training resources in the [Training](docs/training) folder that provide insight into achieving a D/HD grade, a markdown guide, how to use trello and other resources.

Reviewer 2: Training link is broken

> The [useful resources](docs/useful_resources/../../../data/index.md) has a variety of resources also availible about how standups work, how to work in an agile team and about retrospectives.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [useful resources](docs/useful_resources/../../../data/index.md) folder has a variety of resources also available about how standups work, how to work in an agile team and about retrospectives.
```

> The [useful resources](docs/useful_resources/../../../data/index.md) has a variety of resources also availible about how standups work, how to work in an agile team and about retrospectives.

Reviewer 2: The useful resources link doesn't redirect to the correct folder

> There are also a variety of video workshops availible made by former students in the Thoth Tech General Files under [Recordings](https://deakin365.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/sites/ThothTech2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings?csf=1&web=1&e=3NZUHd).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also a variety of video workshops available made by former students in the Thoth Tech General Files under [Recordings](https://deakin365.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/sites/ThothTech2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings?csf=1&web=1&e=3NZUHd).
```

## Mentoring

> Enter mentoring guide details in here

Reviewer 2: Are there any mentoring guide details to add?

> ## Envrionment Set up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Environment Set up
```

Once you have been allocated a project, you can start getting your development environment set up.

### OnTrack

Front-end:

- https://github.com/thoth-tech/doubtfire-web/blob/development/README.md
- https://github.com/thoth-tech/doubtfire-web/blob/development/CONTRIBUTING.md

Back-end:

- https://github.com/thoth-tech/doubtfire-api/blob/development/README.md
- https://github.com/thoth-tech/doubtfire-api/blob/development/CONTRIBUTING.md

### SplashKit

- https://github.com/thoth-tech/splashkit.io/blob/develop/README.md
- https://github.com/thoth-tech/programming-arcana/blob/master/README.md
- https://github.com/thoth-tech/splashkit-translator/blob/master/README.md
- https://github.com/thoth-tech/arcade-machine/blob/main/README.md

## Documentation

- https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/main/README.md
- https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Processes

> There are many company related processes that are crucial for you to understand and follow. These include the Quality Assurance processes, which can be found [here](docs/processes/quality-assurance/quality-assurance-overview.md). This provides a clear development guide that you must follow to ensure your code is tested and working correctly. There are also a number of [templates](docs/processes/quality-assurance/templates) availible that are required to document and test your work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are many company related processes that are crucial for you to understand and follow. These include the Quality Assurance processes, which can be found [here](docs/processes/quality-assurance/quality-assurance-overview.md). This provides a clear development guide that you must follow to ensure your code is tested and working correctly. There are also a number of [templates](docs/processes/quality-assurance/templates) available that are required to document and test your work.
```

> There are many company related processes that are crucial for you to understand and follow. These include the Quality Assurance processes, which can be found [here](docs/processes/quality-assurance/quality-assurance-overview.md). This provides a clear development guide that you must follow to ensure your code is tested and working correctly. There are also a number of [templates](docs/processes/quality-assurance/templates) availible that are required to document and test your work.

Reviewer 2: QA Processes, templates and data links broken
